Merry Christmas! I really wish I was sitting next to you while you read this on Christmas Day (25th for normal people but whatever 😚), but I know it's important for both of us to spend Christmas with our families. I can't wait to see you again and I really really miss you. I'm writing this on the evening of the 23rd while I'm texting you, and you don't even realize how adorable you are. You are so cute and I'm so hopelessly obsessed with you, you don't even understand how much I like you. I spent hours and hours making this website for you, and I know it's ugly because I genuinely suck at graphic design, but I hope you like it because I spent a lot of time on it. I just told you that I haven't been coding a lot recently but I really have because I'm trying to make the best I can for the best girl in the whole world. I love every single picture of us together because it reminds me that I have the best girl in the world and that somehow she decided that I'm a good option, not sure why she would do that but ok. As I write this I'm missing you a lot and I know that sometimes I'm very mean to you, but you truly mean everything to me and I'd hate for you to not know how much you matter to me. I know I tell you I miss you a lot but that's not even close to how many times I actually think about you and how many times I wish you were next to me. 

In case my handwriting sucked too much: 

Merry Christmas!!!!!! This Christmas is almost exactly 6 months after we started talking to each other during the summer, and I just wanted to let you know how much I care about you and what you mean to me. These past months have been some of the best months of my life because of you. You made every day better, every time waking up early to go to school was ok because I would see you, every time sleeping late to talk to you even though I knew I would be tired. Even now I'm writing this at midnight when I have a Physics test tomorrow. I think you're the most perfect woman in the world, and you're everything I could ever want in a person. I love everything about you. I love the way you smile, the way you talk, the way you laugh. I love how pretty you look even when you say you look bad. I love how smart you are without even realizing it. I love how kind you are to everyone around you, and I love how much you care about me and how much of a sweet person you are. I love how much you care about your siblings and friends. I love the way you kiss with your tongue out like no one else does. I know it's sad that we can't be together this Christmas, but I'm sure next Christmas we will be, and for every year after that. I can't wait to go on holiday with you and do all the cute things we want to do together. I've had some bad days these past few months but every single time you were there for me, and every single time my day became better just thanks to you. I'm so grateful to have you in my life, and I'm the luckiest person in the world to be able to call you mine. You are honestly so nice to me, and even when you say something mean as a joke I know you mean it in a nice way. I hope you'll be mine forever, because I know I'm yours forever. 

I hope you have a wonderful Christmas, and I hope you and your whole family are doing great!